README.md, before:

# rock paper scissors

## About
Rock paper scissors game developed with bevy engine and rust programming language. If you want, you can try one of two additional variations: Spock lizard and/or fire water.

## Getting started
Game was developed using rust and bevy. You can play classic rock paper scissors game, or you can try some of two variations, like Spock lizard or fire water variation.

### Compile and run
To compile app some prerequisites must be fulfill. 
1. To install rust and cargo follow instruction from rust official site: https://www.rust-lang.org/.
2. To run bevy app some library must be installed. Follow bevy documentation from official site: https://bevyengine.org/.
3. After you install rust, cargo and all bevy prerequisites, compile source code:`cargo build`
4. After you compile code run it with `cargo run` command.

## Third party resources and licences
Game uses some resources, like images, sounds and fonts.
Images were downloaded from https://icons8.com/, under free for personal and commercial terms.
Sounds were downloaded from https://pixabay.com/, as free for use terms.
Font were downloaded from https://fonts.google.com/, and it is licensed under the Open Font Licence.

## Other release
If you love more to play on terminal, try CLI version of this game. Checkout branch **cli_release**.

## Licence
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Added screenshots. Added game instruction paragraph to readme file.

README.md, after:

# rock paper scissors

## About
Rock paper scissors game developed with bevy engine and rust programming language. If you want, you can try one of two additional variations: Spock lizard and/or fire water.

## Getting started
Game was developed using rust and bevy. You can play classic rock paper scissors game, or you can try some of two variations, like Spock lizard or fire water variation.

### Compile and run
To compile app some prerequisites must be fulfill. 
1. To install rust and cargo follow instruction from rust official site: https://www.rust-lang.org/.
2. To run bevy app some library must be installed. Follow bevy documentation from official site: https://bevyengine.org/.
3. After you install rust, cargo and all bevy prerequisites, compile source code:`cargo build`
4. After you compile code run it with `cargo run` command.

## Third party resources and licences
Game uses some resources, like images, sounds and fonts.
Images were downloaded from https://icons8.com/, under free for personal and commercial terms.
Sounds were downloaded from https://pixabay.com/, as free for use terms.
Font were downloaded from https://fonts.google.com/, and it is licensed under the Open Font Licence.

## How to play
When start game, main menu will be open. 
### Menu
Use keys UP or DOWN to select option you want.
Selected menu item has icon (joystick) in front of menu item text. To confirm selected item press SPACE or ENTER.
### Game
When you chose one of game mode (Normal, Spock lizard or Fire water), use LEFT and RIGHT arrow to select option you want.
Selected option will have red border. To confirm selected option press SPACE or ENTER.
### Other views
Some other views have button with first char between brackets. Press char which is between brackets to confirm that action.

## Other release
If you love more to play on terminal, try CLI version of this game. Checkout branch **cli_release**.

## Licence
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
